Experimental: Support custom weight_rule implementation to calculate the TI priority_weight (#38222)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/administration-and-deployment/priority-weight.rst

The ``priority_weight`` parameter can be used in conjunction with :ref:`concepts:pool`.

> Experimental Feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom Priority Weights
```

Author: I will use `Custom Weight Rule`

------------------

> Since 2.9.0, you can implement your own custom weighting method by extending the ``PriorityWeightStrategy`` class and

Reviewer 2: I believe the fully structured marker is:
```suggestion

.. versionadded:: 2.9.0

|experimental|

You can implement your own custom weighting method by extending the ``PriorityWeightStrategy`` class and
```
